                              PROJECT OUTLINE
                              ================

In our days, technology has advanced, however Developing and under Developed
Countries are still lagging behind. The commonly used terminology of fourth industrial
revolution (4IR) is widely used by influencers and politicians but people on the ground
are not benefiting to a certain degree on the usage of technology in relation to 4IR. The
purpose of this project is to unleash the power of 4IR, through Artificial Intelligence in
relation to Business Analysis. The Theme for the Project is:

            “an AI Solution for communities”

It is important for each group to think carefully of their Solution and make sure it is
associated to the Theme!!

1) You must first provide a detailed explanation of not more than one paragraph explaining
   the extent to which your solution is relevant to the Theme (some sort of background to
   the AI solution that you are suggesting or describe the solution you want to introduce).

2) You must then identify the problem that leads to your proposed solution and write it
   under problem definition sub-title in NO MORE than 250 words (be precise and clear). In
   your problem, have a clear answer to these questions: What exactly is the problem (190
   words maximum)? How will solving the problem using AI benefit local municipality (in
   case of a community)?


3) After Identifying the problem, you must clarify the main objective of your AI Solution.

4) Provide details of how you are planning to apply AI in solving the problem, use the rubric
   as a guide at trying to solve the problem.

5) Poster: an overview of the entire project has been
   nicely articulated, when one reads the poster.

6) Machine Learning Approach: relevant to the solution, well-planned, appropriate set of algorithms. 

7) Data: Evidence that data relevant to the solution has been clearly articulated. An example of all forms of
  data that are relevant to the solution is accurate. 

8) Model: It is clear how the AI Model that is developed will be evaluated for accuracy. 

9) Time Series Analysis on Data: a Sample/description of this analysis exist and appropriate.

10) Solution Techniques: Appropriate techniques onto finding a solution and how will the AI Model improve it’s accuracy are
    clearly defined and are relevant to the solution. 

11) Natural Language Processing, Speech Recognition or Speech Synthesis:
    Relevant to the theme as well as the proposed
    solution; and achievable.

12) Deep Learning: ALL techniques (including applications that are relevant to deep learning exist and appropriate).

13) Practical Solution is relevant to the THEME. (20 marks)
